the hairs are highlighted at the meeting
dermatologists 4 beauty in people
what aesthetics, huh?
is a hair is always important for the
bald
stem cells can represent a
good news in ten years
doctors believe it will be possible to
create capillary structures and laboratory
currently bald your treatment
as everyone already knows.
we hope you can
happen in the future
Have you ever wondered enough?
advance if you are going to be bald or
no, because this is already possible
a test that is being released in the
Brazil is able to detect this
probability and it is only there to invest in
prevention with a kind of the swab
doctor removes cell samples from the
patient's cheek that are analyzed
in the laboratory the exam traces the
presence of a gene linked to baldness
It was interesting from this test that you brought
that young public that has not yet
clinically visible baldness signal
that the person only develops baldness
visible as it has already lost 50% of the mass
the volume of hair there that begins to
view more important than preview
baldness is preventable
the right lifestyle with a good
is to prevent factors such as
stress both on the spot and the
systemic stress and always look for a
dermatologist when you suspect
hair loss for an approach
precoce also brings news
for those who suffer with acne device
last generation promise to correct the
unwanted marking in up to two
weeks and burn those portions
damaged micro portions of after the
body eliminates burned back and
replaces a new part with normal skin
and new you know those cellulite piercings
that bother women
It's already possible to leave the office today.
without it this technique fill with
hyaluronic acid allow a result
prompt and also reduce the risk of
number of sessions since the treatment of
cellulite installs from 20 to 40 sessions
will reduce the time the patient lives
the drama